README.md, before:

# Nexcn

![Nexcn Starter Banner](./app/opengraph-image.png)

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/create-nexcn.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-nexcn)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/create-nexcn.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-nexcn)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

A Next.js 16 starter with everything you need to ship fast: TypeScript, Tailwind CSS v4, Base UI, internationalization, and testing configured out of the box.

## About Nexcn

Nexcn is designed for developers who want to build modern web applications without spending time on boilerplate configuration. Whether you're building a personal project, SaaS product, or multi-language application, Nexcn comes pre-configured with production-ready tooling and best practices so you can focus on building your product.

## Prerequisites

Before getting started, make sure you have:

- **Node.js** 20.x or higher
- **pnpm** 8.x or higher (install with `npm install -g pnpm`)

## Quick Start

### Option 1: Using npx (Recommended) ⚡

```bash
npx create-nexcn my-app
```

This will:

- ✓ Check prerequisites (Node.js, Git, pnpm)
- ✓ Download the latest version
- ✓ Install dependencies
- ✓ Initialize git repository
- ✓ Display beautiful ASCII art 🎨

Then:

```bash
cd my-app
pnpm dev
```

### Option 2: Manual Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/mohamed-g-shoaib/nexcn.git my-app

# Navigate to your project
cd my-app

# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Run development server
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## What's Included

- **Next.js 16** with App Router and React 19 - Server components for better performance and modern development patterns
- **TypeScript** with strict mode enabled - Catch errors at compile time and write safer, more maintainable code
- **Tailwind CSS v4** with Base UI components - Build responsive UIs with utility-first styling and accessible components
- **shadcn/ui** integration - Copy-paste component library built on Radix UI for maximum customization
- **next-intl** for English/Arabic i18n - Internationalization with RTL support for global applications
- **Vitest** for unit testing + **Playwright** for E2E tests - Testing setup so you can ship with confidence
- **ESLint**, **Prettier**, and **Husky** for code quality - Automated formatting and pre-commit hooks maintain code standards
- **SEO optimized** - Metadata management and automatic sitemap generation for search visibility

## Documentation

Read the guides in order to get started:

1. **[Getting Started](./docs/01-getting-started.md)** - Prerequisites, environment setup, and initial configuration
2. **[Project Structure](./docs/02-project-structure.md)** - Folder organization and where to add your code
3. **[Styling Guide](./docs/03-styling-guide.md)** - Using Tailwind CSS v4 and customizing components
4. **[Adding Components](./docs/04-adding-components.md)** - Creating reusable components with Base UI and shadcn/ui
5. **[Internationalization](./docs/05-internationalization-guide.md)** - Setting up multi-language support with next-intl
6. **[Testing Guide](./docs/06-testing-guide.md)** - Writing unit and E2E tests with Vitest and Playwright
7. **[SEO Optimization](./docs/08-seo-optimization.md)** - Optimize for Google ranking, sitemap, JSON-LD schema, and LLM crawling
8. **[Cheat Sheet](./docs/07-cheat-sheet.md)** - Quick reference for common tasks and commands
9. **[Publishing to npm](./docs/09-publishing-to-npm.md)** - Guide for publishing this boilerplate to npm registry

## Commands

### Development

```bash
pnpm dev # Start dev server
pnpm build # Build for production
pnpm start # Run production build
```

### Testing

```bash
pnpm test # Run unit tests
pnpm test:e2e # Run E2E tests
pnpm test:coverage # Generate coverage report
```

### Code Quality

```bash
pnpm lint # Check for linting errors
pnpm lint:fix # Auto-fix linting errors
pnpm format # Format code with Prettier
pnpm type-check # Check TypeScript types
```

## Deployment

To deploy a production build:

```bash
pnpm build
pnpm start
```

## Troubleshooting

### "pnpm command not found"

- Install pnpm globally: `npm install -g pnpm`
- Or use npx: `npx pnpm install`

### Port 3000 already in use

- Run dev server on a different port: `pnpm dev -- -p 3001`

### Styling not applying correctly

- Clear `.next` cache: `rm -rf .next` (or `rmdir /s .next` on Windows)
- Restart the development server

### TypeScript errors in IDE

- Make sure TypeScript is installed: `npm install -g typescript`
- Restart your editor's TypeScript server

## Contributing

Fork the repository, create a feature branch, and submit a pull request. Licensed under MIT.

Commit message:

docs: update README and cli/README to clarify usage instructions, add project setup details, and emphasize the importance of using npx for the CLI tool

README.md, after:

# Nexcn

![Nexcn Starter Banner](./app/opengraph-image.png)

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/create-nexcn.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-nexcn)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/create-nexcn.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-nexcn)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## 🚀 How to Use

To create a new project, run one of the following commands:

### Option 1: Using npx

```bash
npx create-nexcn my-app
```

### Option 2: Using npm init

```bash
npm init nexcn my-app
```

### Then

```bash
cd my-app
pnpm dev
```

> ⚠️ **Important:** Please **ignore** the `npm i create-nexcn` instruction in the sidebar. This package is an interactive CLI tool, not a dependency.

## About Nexcn

A Next.js 16 starter with everything you need to ship fast: TypeScript, Tailwind CSS v4, Base UI, internationalization, and testing configured out of the box.

Nexcn is designed for developers who want to build modern web applications without spending time on boilerplate configuration. Whether you're building a personal project, SaaS product, or multi-language application, Nexcn comes pre-configured with production-ready tooling and best practices so you can focus on building your product.

## Prerequisites

Before getting started, make sure you have:

- **Node.js** 20.x or higher
- **pnpm** 8.x or higher (install with `npm install -g pnpm`)

## Quick Start

See the [How to Use](#-how-to-use) section above.

### Manual Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/mohamed-g-shoaib/nexcn.git my-app

# Navigate to your project
cd my-app

# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Run development server
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## What's Included

- **Next.js 16** with App Router and React 19 - Server components for better performance and modern development patterns
- **TypeScript** with strict mode enabled - Catch errors at compile time and write safer, more maintainable code
- **Tailwind CSS v4** with Base UI components - Build responsive UIs with utility-first styling and accessible components
- **shadcn/ui** integration - Copy-paste component library built on Radix UI for maximum customization
- **next-intl** for English/Arabic i18n - Internationalization with RTL support for global applications
- **Vitest** for unit testing + **Playwright** for E2E tests - Testing setup so you can ship with confidence
- **ESLint**, **Prettier**, and **Husky** for code quality - Automated formatting and pre-commit hooks maintain code standards
- **SEO optimized** - Metadata management and automatic sitemap generation for search visibility

## Documentation

Read the guides in order to get started:

1. **[Getting Started](./docs/01-getting-started.md)** - Prerequisites, environment setup, and initial configuration
2. **[Project Structure](./docs/02-project-structure.md)** - Folder organization and where to add your code
3. **[Styling Guide](./docs/03-styling-guide.md)** - Using Tailwind CSS v4 and customizing components
4. **[Adding Components](./docs/04-adding-components.md)** - Creating reusable components with Base UI and shadcn/ui
5. **[Internationalization](./docs/05-internationalization-guide.md)** - Setting up multi-language support with next-intl
6. **[Testing Guide](./docs/06-testing-guide.md)** - Writing unit and E2E tests with Vitest and Playwright
7. **[SEO Optimization](./docs/08-seo-optimization.md)** - Optimize for Google ranking, sitemap, JSON-LD schema, and LLM crawling
8. **[Cheat Sheet](./docs/07-cheat-sheet.md)** - Quick reference for common tasks and commands
9. **[Publishing to npm](./docs/09-publishing-to-npm.md)** - Guide for publishing this boilerplate to npm registry

## Commands

### Development

```bash
pnpm dev # Start dev server
pnpm build # Build for production
pnpm start # Run production build
```

### Testing

```bash
pnpm test # Run unit tests
pnpm test:e2e # Run E2E tests
pnpm test:coverage # Generate coverage report
```

### Code Quality

```bash
pnpm lint # Check for linting errors
pnpm lint:fix # Auto-fix linting errors
pnpm format # Format code with Prettier
pnpm type-check # Check TypeScript types
```

## Deployment

To deploy a production build:

```bash
pnpm build
pnpm start
```

## Troubleshooting

### "pnpm command not found"

- Install pnpm globally: `npm install -g pnpm`
- Or use npx: `npx pnpm install`

### Port 3000 already in use

- Run dev server on a different port: `pnpm dev -- -p 3001`

### Styling not applying correctly

- Clear `.next` cache: `rm -rf .next` (or `rmdir /s .next` on Windows)
- Restart the development server

### TypeScript errors in IDE

- Make sure TypeScript is installed: `npm install -g typescript`
- Restart your editor's TypeScript server

## Contributing

Fork the repository, create a feature branch, and submit a pull request. Licensed under MIT.
